let's see this clip that has gone
viral on Twitter and it's no wonder
our Marta always Being peculiar in
good of Marla We have to talk
a lot Eh yes a lot and on Twitter there
is a complaint that she has filed
a fragment of the let's see moment Marta
Look Just seems the Indian I think
the Indian smells the subject smells Marta's subject man
smells Marta's subject he hasn't been there all
night man Oh look what
our Dolores tells you our Lola
our Lola is passing Dolores
no but it's a joke Marina Dolores it's not
true it's not a joke that's he will pay my
bail I the
race ah we are giving some
good publicity no good no because it's still
closed if you want come in and I'll fix your
hair a little Well I'll come in and
fix it for me see but you like my
hair and ask
Yes thank you very much it's still closed What do you
think Ah well we are giving a publicity
well man he told him he told him that he does
n't like his hair Marta has given it
eh there he has given it where like Marta
who is very unfiltered and such the other one
has given it But it's not left  there is that
Carl has written in a live he sends you
the capture of as if we were on YouTube
and it is him yes but it is
confirmed wait that is it could be
anyone no wait Carl constancy There is
only one day left to check if
Marta lying riesco told the truth H is
a pathological liar with a lot of
creativity maybe it is not him eh man
of course It is that this could be anyone
no I mean I am looking at his channel to see
what photo you cas decision Marta lying
riesco Better get a polygraph to see
all your lies maybe it is not him maybe it is not
him Ah no it is not it is not it is not it has already been
denied
based on what that of course you cannot and you cannot
confirm it or deny it in
any way No no not really no but
let's say my goodness José Antonio
left television but the
substitute arrived I risk my goodness what a scene is that I have
seen it on Twitter and such and I
say but no no no María Luisa says no it
is not he is not I think that I think that we have to
respect a little bit
people's business people's jobs
So if he's already telling you to
take it away, then
no. I mean, you don't have to insist.
No, if he's already telling you that he's not going to
help you, that he's not going to answer you to
anything, just insist at the door, a
nervous guy, let's see if it's true that it was
closed, but man, if he does this when he's
in open business, he can scare away
the clientele, well, or the other way around, that
people come, let's see, he's out, he's
on the street, really. But it's
true that Carlo also attacked with the
hair thing. I think that
hurt Marta a little. Because, mar, I don't think,
I don't think he attacked her with the
hair. I think he told her it's a
hair salon. If you want, come and I'll do your
hair. He made it a joke, like, I do
n't know. Hey, I'll tell you or I know. But he
did it, I don't like it, he says, why not, I don't like it, I
mean, he could make a joke
like, Well, I think so, but I don't know. Well,
it's true that she, well, maybe
unintentionally sometimes she exceeds her
limits. Yes, it could be, it could be
that, man, it's closed, yes, it's
true that it's closed in business and it
doesn't go there, it doesn't go  to harm a lot being
closed but yeah man Of course if they
take this how you have to cut you have to
set a limit Look at greev it happened to him
that some kids showed up at the door of his
house in Andorra well
the parents taking the kids to
gre's house to wait for him at the door and
when he came in and out they asked him for a photo and
he said man Not here here is the
limit I mean he asks me for photos while I
'm jogging he asks me for photos
leaving the gym he asks me for photos
eating okay but already at the door in the
house that people come here to the door
to take a photo as if this were the
castle in Iceland well you don't
understand me and and we have to set limits
So I understand that maybe at
that moment Marta eh Marta is not going to
do any harm to the business they are
closed they are with the shutter and all that
stuff but of course if you don't set a limit they are going
to be there for many afternoons every time
something happens with Alejandra Rubio at the door of
the hair salon of course and people
that no people don't want to stop at the
hair salon to see
eh it could be  see what happens yes it
is true that for that for that for
that video like that I also can't identify where it
is maybe the people who live nearby
Yes but I don't know where that is I don't know
that I asked Marta you know but no
but if not by place it is recognizable if
he when the hair salon is open he will
put it on Google and on the internet and salle so
many parts the address but it is not the
address it is that if you want to go into
a place to get a haircut if the cameras
of sálvame are at the door it will turn you
back no and maybe you won't go no that yes that yes let's
see I think Marta
gives her all And such But well sometimes there are
limits just like we don't
know Always all in control no that
from the outside it looks very easy but when
you are in charge the limits
no you don't know you don't know very well very well
differentiate and then what I have told you
on social networks that I think is still there
with the issue of the complaints well
I imagine that is because let's see desire to
see each other face to face María Luisa but it's that I have
not understood this very well that it has
started again  with this thing going on,
being the way she is right now And
how things are going for her, the truth is, I mean,
what does it matter what Maria Luisa says and she
went to the police station, eh Because heo is that I know
this is that she took her time at
the police station Put this that this she
knows perfectly well that this doesn't work like this
no they're not going to do anything I mean the
police aren't going to go no the police aren't going to get
going and
ask Twitter to identify the
user Maria Luisa
19851 eh Because she made some comments
on social media, I mean no, no
the police aren't going to do that you understand, they're not going I don't
understand why she is why she's
going back to this nonsense this no yes
but I thought she wasn't going to I thought she wasn't
going to take that step eh I didn't see I mean
no Even if it's no use even if it doesn't have a future then it may have
less or more future no
no I didn't think she was going to invest her
time in going to the police station and all that because
precisely because of what you have commented
that right now Marta is doing well
at work and she's doing well and I don't understand I'm doing
very well This  this decision the truth
But well if she has considered it I don't
know how this other person will have reacted
who I don't know very well what it is has had
reactions has had reactions
this tweet okay And here we have a
lady now who has come to comment
Well, along with my daughter also took
action against a harasser and defamer
months of daily insults videos and
live we won the first trial
we are waiting for the second he lost
in the
Supreme Court what happens is that he made a
mistake and he has filed against me I have not
lost in the Supreme Court any no
complaint I have never had
any complaint for harassment nor have they
sued me Even for months of
daily insults I mean they showed me
four videos in one in a lawsuit And
the second lawsuit is not from this
lady This lady in the second lawsuit did
not appear because for whatever reason I don't
know she did not appear later Well also or
so all this answering Marta
Marina these people look look they are all they are
all be it the cho was peculiar eh but
But I had not seen this I mean they are
going to crack me up I mean they went well and  they've
followed Marta I don't know why they
understood that Marta is fighting with
me or something I don't know if Marta was here
two days ago Of course Marta must have been
freaking out when all
this gang came to her, the ra jurist Joan
Plana and all answering Marta and also
the lady tagging me and everything eh it's
like LoL
you know Bolena Ah Ah okay okay I already know
who it is already I know Who it is now Marta is already
letting me follow her because of these comments
I think Marta has already stopped
talking to me and she blocks me eh because of these
men no I think that no she is not going to
do it not because I know that no sub Sagrada
those statements look strong eh